README file for FileCaddy:
-------------------------

FileCaddy is a general purpose file management application for VFS
enabled PalmOS devices. Compatible devices include SD slot equipped
Palm handhelds, Sony Clie's, Handera handhelds, SD slot equipped
Handspring Treos, and Handspring Visors with FlashAdapter or MemPlug
Springboard modules.


Design goals:
------------

1) Speed! File management is a necessary evil and people shouldn't
have to spend any more time dealing with it than absolutely necessary.

2) Size. Expansion cards on PalmOS devices are intended to free up
internal RAM. A file manager is most useful when kept in RAM (so
copies don't have to be on every expansion card) so its memory usage
should be kept to a minimum.

3) Functionality. FileCaddy should provide a good set of basic file
management functions. It should also have the ability to be extended
(through the use of user selected plug-in modules) to perform more
specific tasks.

4) Usability. FileCaddy must be easy to learn and use. It should
always be remembered that for users of PalmOS devices, even the basic
concept of a filesystem may be totally foriegn. FileCaddy should make
dealing with the filesystem as simple as possible.


License:
-------

FileCaddy is Copyright (c) 2002, Kopsis, Inc.

FileCaddy is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

FileCaddy is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program (the file COPYING.TXT); if not, write to the
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA
02111-1307 USA


More Information:
----------------

FileCaddy's home page ( http://filecaddy.sourceforge.net ) contains
more information about FileCaddy including links to mailing lists,
forums, documentation, etc. for both developers and end
users. FileCaddy is Open Source software and development contributions
are welcome. If you would like to become a member of the FileCaddy
development team, email one of the developers listed on the "contacts"
page.
